Howl: Where to?
Howl: I'll be your escort this evening.
Lettie: Now Sophie,
Lettie: You need to be more careful. It's dangerous out there.
Witch of the Waste: His heart belongs to me~
Older Sophie: MmmmMMmmmh!
Older Sophie: Are you Howl?
Younger Sophie: I'm going to help you break the spell that you're under!
Howl: You...
Howl: You can't even break your own spell.
Witch of the Waste: Strapping young men are so difficult to deal with.
Younger Sophie: They say that the best blaze burns brightest
Younger Sophie: When circumstances are at their worst.
Calcifer: Yeah, but no one really believes that.
Older Sophie: Look at that.
Older Sophie: They call this a castle?!